There were a total of three works of art at the Bitforms gallery. At the entrance on the left there’s the Sunset mirror that creates a silhouette of the viewer as sunset time lapse. I felt like there was mapping involved for the sunset to be recreated in the shape of the viewer. My only question for this piece was how they captured the viewer’s shape without a camera (unless there was a camera I just did not see).
 The Fabric Mirror was fun to interact with. Although I didn’t peek behind the curtain, I figured that the section of the fabric was moving via servos mounted in a grid-like pattern. The motion is tracked by two cameras mounted in the center of the drape. With these cameras the curtain could “see” where the viewers were and try to mirror those positions. I found it interesting how there was a “limit” to interactivity. The mirror would only respond to the viewer’s movements for about 3mins, before defaulting to two other patterns. Noticing this opened my eyes to numerous factors that I had not thought of previously. For example, having interactive pieces on a timer prevents them from sustained use thus more equipment longevity. I also liked to how the servos didn’t snap to position, so the movements felt more fluid and natural.
Cracked Mud wasn’t my favorite, but I did appreciate the work put into it. Each clay piece fit so perfectly and had a range of motion that stopped them from touching. This work’s interactivity also seemed to be timed too because after a while the tiles stopped moving according to user input. Every 5 mins. Or so, the tiles would ripple for one cycle. I wonder if was just for show or it was the code’s way of resetting at the beginning of a loop.

Seeing these works inspired me to possibly make a piece where viewers are tracked from a top mounted camera. Based on their locations the projectors would map what state of life the viewer is in. for example if the space is rectangular and a viewer walks in the projector would projection map seeds around the viewer’s feet. As the viewer walks around the seeds will grow and die. When they die a new circle of seeds would appear to start the cycle anew. Each person will create their own path from life to death that they can see like a comet trail. I’d probably limit it to four people at a time because to much “trails” could clutter the space.    
